# Mixed Messages
## Table of contents
* [General information](#general-information)
* [Project Description](#project-description)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Example Output](#example-output)

## General Information
This is the first portfolio project from the [Back-end Engineer path on Codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/paths/back-end-engineer-career-path). The course teaches all the major technologies and skills that a back-end engineer needs to know.

This project comes after completing 20% of the course. 

## Project Description
The project is a message generator program using JavaScript. 

Every time a user runs the program, they get a new randomized output that tells them their horoscope. 

The horoscope output is made up of:
* a situation, 
* a comment on the situation, and 
* an advice to deal with the situation. 

Each sentence is picked randomly from one of three respective pools of sentences.

## Technologies
* JavaScript
* Node.js

## Setup
In order to run the program, you need to install Node.js on your computer:
* [Download](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) the binaries
* If you use Linux, follow the [installation instructions](https://github.com/nodejs/help/wiki/Installation#how-to-install-nodejs-via-binary-archive-on-linux).

Once installed, run the program by typing `node mixed-messages.js` in your terminal with the project's folder as working directory.

## Example Output

Below are examples of random horoscopes generated by the program:

> Your high energy level is a mixed blessing today. Nothing is for certain, and nothing is going to be written in stone. You can create a win/win situation for everyone.

> Things are going to be unpredictable today, so watch out for last-minutes changes, cancellations, and metaphoric wrenches getting tossed into plans. The energy of other people will inspire you and keep you feeling content with where you're going. You can easily persuade others to see things your way, so go for it!

> It's going to be nearly impossible for anyone to hold you back or hold you down today! Don't deprive yourself of surprises and spontaneous adventures. If you want to make things happen, today is the day to do it.

> This day should be full of an outgoing energy, which means that you should also be in a more outgoing mood. But in a way, not knowing what's going on can be kind of fun. You can easily persuade others to see things your way, so go for it!
